The Tyrant has returned to claim his throne, his birthright the government has tried to stop him from taking over for a long time and 
banish him again and again into darkness and grown complacent as he not return for a long time but this time he has grown more crafty 
more now he strickes from the dark not showing his face not confronting directly but corrupting one official at a time growing his power
secretly.

While making his army constantly attack the border keeping every one engaged their not showing his true face to anyone.
There is nothing that can be done but to attack at this point and kill everyone that is working for the Tyrant.

The Wizard was dying laying on the floor of his bedroom of his mansion as the Tyrant walked towards him.
"oh, those wounds does not look good on you old friend I am affraid you are going to die." said the Tyrant to the Wizard.

"what a shame, you are one of the ones I liked." He added.

The Wizard's magic was healing his wounds but they were opening up just as fast for him to do anything about it due to the poison
The Tyrant had applied on his knife with which he stabed the Wizard. The whole process would have been even more excrusiating than a 
normal stabbing, but the Wizard kept trying to fight agaisnt the wounds but his resolve was taking a furious beating the Wizard smiled
looking at the eyes of the wizard he could see slowly, slowly the hope was vanishing from his eyes this as the wizard finally managed to 
pull and slump agaisnt the wall more of his hope of survival fleeing in the process.

"You will never get your throne back, we have destoyed it" managed the Wizard weakly grunting out the words trying not to scream as 
his wounds opened again, but a hiss escaped his mouth as he tried to stop himself from showing weakness in front of the enemy and failing.

"Your noble act of defaince is in vain I am afraid." said the Tyrant. "But I end the suffering make it quick for you, the way this is going 
it will take a couple of hours by my estimate you are going to die old man, All I need to know is who is the one they have selected this 
time."

"I am not going to make it easy for you." Said the wizard between hisses and grunt of the poisioned cut on his stomach and legs and a 
stab on the left shoulder that looked particularly nasty.

"Well it was worth a shot anyway, they will whomever they are will sooner or later show themselves now since I have returned." said the tyrant.

"Why have you returned I thought you gave up on this." said the wizard struggling through his pain.

"Why are you... back...ahh." he added.

"You know I did gave up on it but just 